README.md, before:


# URL Handler
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/graphs/commit-activity)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mekkyz/urlhandler.svg)](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/issues)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/mekkyz/urlhandler.svg)](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/graphs/contributors/)
[![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![Latest Release](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/actions/workflows/dotnet_innosetup.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/actions/workflows/dotnet_innosetup.yml)

URL Handler is a cross-platform application designed to manage and process Chemotion Files.

## Key Features
- **Custom URL Schemes**: Handles specific URL pattern to react with Chemotion.
- **History Management**: Maintains a history of processed Files for easy access and management.
- **File Handling**: Supports downloading, editing and uploading files.
- **Notifications**: Integrated system tray and app window notifications to alert users about the status of their tasks.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository (`git clone https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler.git`)

2. Navigate to the project directory (`cd urlhandler`)

3. Build the project (`dotnet build`)

## Usage

To start the application, run after building the project.

`dotnet run`

## Contributing

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

- Mostafa Mekky - [mekky@kit.edu](mailto:mekky@kit.edu)
- Create an issue here: [https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/issues](https://github.com/mekkyz/urlhandler/issues)

## Additional Resources

[Chemotion official website](https://chemotion.net/)

Commit message:

chore: adjusting app to new name "ChemLocalLink"

README.md, after:


# ChemLocalLink
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/graphs/commit-activity)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink.svg)](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/issues)
[![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml)
[![Latest Release](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/actions/workflows/dotnet_innosetup.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/actions/workflows/dotnet_innosetup.yml)

ChemLocalLink is a cross-platform application designed to manage and process Chemotion Files.

## Key Features
- **URL Handling**: Handles chemotion-specific URLs to react with Chemotion.
- **History**: Maintains a list of downloaded Files for easy access and management.
- **File Handling**: Allows users to download Chemotion-related files, modify them, and then upload back
- **Notifications**: Integrated system tray and app window notifications to alert users about the status of their tasks.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository (`git clone https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink.git`)

2. Navigate to the project directory (`cd ChemLocalLink`)

3. Build the project (`dotnet build`)

## Usage

To start the application, run after building the project.

`dotnet run`

## Contributing

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/FeatureName`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some FeatureName'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/FeatureName`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

- Mostafa Mekky - [mekky@kit.edu](mailto:mekky@kit.edu)
- Create an issue here: [https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/issues](https://github.com/Chemotion/ChemLocalLink/issues)

## Additional Resources

[Chemotion official website](https://chemotion.net/)
